NMS-14255: Update doc on poller thread consumption (#4824)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/device-config-backup/configuration.adoc

You can also use the REST API to trigger device configuration retrieval outside of a monitor schedule.
(See xref:development:rest/device_config.adoc[Device Config Rest API].)

== Poller thread pool adjustments

Device Config backup shares resources with Poller, particularly poller threads.
If too many backups are running in parallel that take too long, Poller may not have sufficient threads to schedule other monitors.

> As a rough estimate, start with number of devices you expect will ever be simultaneously backed up, multiply by the time (in minutes). Increase the existing thread pool size by the resulting figure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a rough estimate, start with the number of devices you expect will ever be simultaneously backed up and multiply by the time (in minutes).
Increase the existing thread pool size by the resulting value.
```
